Update links for Control Plane and Data Plane API references (#185)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/get-started/pages/whats-new-cloud.adoc

== January 2025

=== Cloud API reference 

> The Cloud API reference is now available as separate references for the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-controlplane-api.adoc[Control Plane API] and xref:api:ROOT:cloud-dataplane-api.adoc[Data Plane APIs]. The Control Plane API and Data Plane APIs follow separate OpenAPI specifications, and the reference is updated to better reflect the structure of the Cloud APIs and improve usability of the documentation. See also: xref:manage:api/cloud-api-overview.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud API reference is now provided as separate references for the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-controlplane-api.adoc[Control Plane API] and xref:api:ROOT:cloud-dataplane-api.adoc[Data Plane APIs]. The Control Plane API and Data Plane APIs follow separate OpenAPI specifications, so the reference is updated to better reflect the structure of the Cloud APIs and to improve usability of the documentation. See also: xref:manage:api/cloud-api-overview.adoc[].
```

> The Cloud API reference is now provided as separate references for the xref:api:ROOT:cloud-controlplane-api.adoc[Control Plane API] and xref:api:ROOT:cloud-dataplane-api.adoc[Data Plane APIs]. The Control Plane API and Data Plane APIs follow separate OpenAPI specifications, so the reference is updated to better reflect the structure of the Cloud APIs and to improve usability of the documentation. See also: xref:manage:api/cloud-api-overview.adoc[].

Author: @towfiqa @yougotashovel @sago2k8 @bojand would you mind signing off on this addition to What's New in Cloud? preview: https://deploy-preview-185--rp-cloud.netlify.app/redpanda-cloud/get-started/whats-new-cloud/#cloud-api-reference
